What? I will open a branch now,
In an instant, I have been left with one sentence,
Is it free of charge?
In an instant, the extreme high-level officials were left,
For Master Long’s happiness, grandma must have a relationship with Cheng Xiong.
He said that Zhao Er himself was Lord Long’s lifesaver.
Let Long Ye stab the team to laugh and our head of the river in an instant,
But we have already cut the head of the river.
Even Mr. Long can't just laugh and laugh, right?
Dragon Head, isn’t this too cheap for other people’s hearts?
Karma-destroying machine, the power of karma dragon power
1. The shadow position of this kind of world group in Tiandong
He canceled the alliance
Do we really feel the so-called karma-destroying gold?
This is a 10 billion group, right?
That call
I dropped my ink bowl and clothes
It's important for grandma to come visit them
But now 10 billion alliances are important
You ask one or two of them to come over
Could it be that I owe you my own talent to fit you in? I don’t care about you.
Do you have a trainee?
Make you cancel too
The Mohist family started to talk about it and met you like this
You are going to betray the family now
We have betrayed ourselves to death
Matters related to family interests
This river head of a listed group
The guy who was originally going to do it
A good relationship
Currently in a foreign country
Listed group cancels this Hetou
Nothing seems wrong
You have a silent relationship
It can break everyone down
Let the dragon face continue to recover
Of course, you don’t have to give the dragon face
take it seriously
Don't report the dragon's face
In the end, only the happiness of people with our purpose remains in the socialist market.
I will understand now
do you really want us to
How many or even several lines are appropriate?